on the planet Corellia lovers Han Solo
and Kira make an escape from the
clutches of a local gang they bribe an
imperial officer with stolen kou axiom a
powerful hyperspace fuel in exchange for
passage on an outgoing transport but
Kira's apprehended by their pursuers
before she can board Han vows to return
for her and joins the Imperial Navy as a
flight cadet when the recruiting officer
asks for his surname han says he's alone
with no family so the recruiter gives
him the last name solo
three years later Han is expelled from
the Imperial Flight Academy for
insubordination and is serving as an
infantryman on min ban he encounters a
group of criminals posing as Imperial
soldiers led by Tobias Beckett Han
attempts to blackmail them into taking
him with them but Beckett has him
arrested for desertion and thrown into a
pit to be fed to a beast
a wookie named Chewbacca able to
understand Chewbacca's language on
persuades him to cooperate to escape
Beckett aware of the usefulness of a
Wookiee strength rescues and enlist them
in the gang to steal a shipment of Co
axiom on Vandor 1 the plan goes awry
when the cloud rider show up led by
envis nest resulting in the deaths of
two crew members ryo Durant and
Beckett's wife Val and the destruction
of the coaxial back it reveals he was
ordered to steal the shipment for Dryden
boss a high-ranking crime boss in the
crimson dawn syndicate han and chewbacca
volunteer to help them steal another
shipment to repay the debt they traveled
to boss's yacht where Han finds Kira who
has joined crimson dawn and his boss's
top lieutenant on suggests a risky plan
to steal unrefined Co axiom from the
mines on Kessel boss approves but
insists that kira accompany the team she
leads them to Lando Calrissian an
accomplished smuggler and pilot who she
hopes will lend them his ship han
challenges LAN dout to a game of sabacc
with the wager being Lando ship Lando
cheats to win but agrees to join the
mission in exchange for a share of the
profits after reaching Kessel in the
Millennium Falcon and infiltrating the
mine Lando's droid copilot L 337
instigates a slave revolt in the
confusion they steal the KO axiom but l3
is severely damaged and Lando is injured
during the escape with the help of L
threes navigational computer hot-wired
into the ship systems han pilots the
ship through a dangerous uncharted route
to elude an Imperial blockade the Falcon
badly damaged
lands on the planet sovereign to process
the co axiom during a confrontation with
envis who tracked the team from Vandor
Lando flees in the Falcon and physics
planes to Han that she and her crew are
not pirates but rebels trying to prevent
the Cindy
and empire from gaining power Haun
becomes sympathetic to their cause and
tries to trick loss but Becket has
already alerted him to the double-cross
Voss sends his guards to kill in fists
but the cloud riders overpower them
instead leaving Voss defenseless having
anticipated vasa strategy Haun tries to
take the KO axiom only for Beckett to
betray Voss escaping with it and taking
Chewbacca hostage Kyra kills Voss and
sends Hahn after Beckett once alone she
contacts Voss is superior Darth Maul to
inform of the missions failure and claim
boss's position she avoids speaking of
Hans involvement instead blaming
everything on Becket Hahn catches up to
Beckett and confronts him Haun shoots
back at first before he can shoot him
and with his dying words Beckett tells
Hahn he made the smart choice Kira
leaves in boss's yacht while han and
chewbacca turned the coaxial over to
emphasis he offers Haun a chance to join
the rebellion against the Empire when he
declines she gives him a vial of Ko
axiom enough to buy a ship of his own
han and chewbacca locate Lando and
challenge him to a rematch in soo bahk
once again wagering the Falcon Hahn wins
having stolen the car Lando was keeping
up his sleeve in order to cheat and he
and Chewbacca leave for Tatooine where a
big shot gangster is putting together a
crew for a job
[Music]